ci: improve PR template with additional context (#1001)
tensorlakeai/indexify: .github/pull_request_template.md

> ## Description
> 
> <!-- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change. -->
> 
> ### Related PRs
> 
> <!-- Please list any related PRs for this change. -->
> 
> ### Reviewer notes
> 
> <!-- Please provide any notes that the reviewer should know before reviewing this PR. -->
> 
> ## Checklist
> 
> - [ ] Run `make fmt`.
> - [ ] `pip install -e .`, start server and executor, cd to `python-sdk/tests`, `python test_graph_behaviours.py`.
> 
> ## How to test
> 
> <!-- Please describe in detail how to test the changes. -->
> 
> ## Screenshots
> 
> <!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem. -->
> 

Reviewer: I think this is a great idea!

Proposing another version of the template for your consideration.
Your version is great, I just wanted to provide an alternative to see if we could get to a better version together. ✋ 5️⃣ 

```suggestion
## Context

<!--
In a few sentences or less, please explain the context behind this change to help answer why this change is needed.

If this is a bug fix, make sure to include "fixes #xxxx", or
"closes #xxxx".

Screenshots, logs, code or other visual aids are greatly appreciated.
 -->

## What

<!--
In a few sentences, please summarize the change to help reviewers.

Consider providing screenshots, logs, code or other visual aids to help the reviewer understand the approach taken.
-->

## Testing

<!--
Please include steps used to verify the change.

Consider providing screenshots, logs, code or other visual aids to help the reviewer in their testing.
-->

## Contribution Checklist

- [ ] If the python-sdk was changed, please run `make fmt` in `python-sdk/`.
- [ ] If the server was changed, please run `make fmt` in `server/`.
- [ ] Make sure all PR Checks are passing.
<!-- You can run the tests manually:
In `python-sdl/`, run the run `pip install -e .`, start the server and executor, `python test_graph_behaviours.py`.

```

## Context

<!--
In a few sentences or less, please explain the context behind this change to help answer why this change is needed.

If this is a bug fix, make sure to include "fixes #xxxx", or
"closes #xxxx".

Screenshots, logs, code or other visual aids are greatly appreciated.
 -->

## What

<!--
In a few sentences, please summarize the change to help reviewers.

Consider providing screenshots, logs, code or other visual aids to help the reviewer understand the approach taken.
-->

## Testing

<!--
Please include steps used to verify the change.

Consider providing screenshots, logs, code or other visual aids to help the reviewer in their testing.
-->

## Contribution Checklist

- [ ] If the python-sdk was changed, please run `make fmt` in `python-sdk/`.
- [ ] If the server was changed, please run `make fmt` in `server/`.
- [ ] Make sure all PR Checks are passing.
<!-- You can run the tests manually:

> In `python-sdl/`, run the run `pip install -e .`, start the server and executor, `python test_graph_behaviours.py`.

Reviewer: My typo :) 

```suggestion
In `python-sdk/`, run the run `pip install -e .`, start the server and executor, `python test_graph_behaviours.py`.
```
